six months of war between Israel and
Hamas Medical Services in Gaza have all
but collapsed the European Gaza Hospital
in the city of Han Yunis is one of the
last functioning health care facilities
and a small number of British doctors
have been allowed in to help there Dr
Victoria Rose is one of them she's a
consultant plastic surgeon at G and St
Thomas's Hospital in London but has just
spent the last two weeks in Gaza where
much of her work was on children under
the age of 60
she filmed there for us to show us what
life is like young men so here we are
we've made it across the
border
shab the day been pretty um long
actually we left um Cairo this morning
with the UN Convoy I was last here in
2020 and um it's completely different
it's like a different
entity inside they've tried to keep the
sort of working area very clean the
floors are very clean there's somebody
sweeping all the time but once you get
into the corridors it's full of people
in tents and they've made sort of
makeshift tents out of sheets and
carpets um and it's it's not clean and
outside it's it's you know it's just
Mayhem it's like a massive Village it
stinks it's Ro sewage it's unacceptable
for people to live like this sleeping by
the
bedside so uh we were operating till
last night at midnight we finished our
last case but the um general surgeons
have been going all night you can hear
the drones
[Music]
again this is my first case he is a a
young boy who's been hit by a car got a
scalp
laceration and de gloving he was Tak to
theater last week and the Scout was
closed but unfortunately now time skin
has died so we are going to take it back
to
theater and see if we can sort out his
Scout we've had a bit of delayed start
because there's been um quite a lot of
bombing this evening um so we've uh
we've got quite a lot more work coming
to us tomorrow and I'm I'm kind of in
that situation now where I just I just
want to cease fire so that we can catch
up so this is the field Hospital there's
four wards that were all built during Co
it's Tuesday the
um 2nd of April and the the drones are
back so I'm uh walking back to theater
on my own which which is um something
that the boys don't really like me can
do like me doing and I don't know
whether you can see I have like a a
group of children
constantly following me and saying
hello hello yeah and then they will ask
me for money or they'll ask me for
chocolate no money money I have no
money this just walking through the
hospital
again got three days of operating
left and I'm already panicking about the
fact that we're not going to get through
everybody that we need to get through
before I go um it is it is I know now
it's going to be very difficult to leave
and I'm not looking forward to
it but I've now I'm now out of out of
all my vac sponge dressings I've just
got canisters and oh I wish i' bought
more I really wish I'd bought
more I've just been around to the girls
room to the where the female medical
students live the best team I've ever
worked with in my entire life thank you
and I've had the best two weeks ever
thank thank you
so I hope I hope they all get to
qualify I don't know I don't know
how that's going to happen but
I I think that will make really good
doctors and um God knows Gaza needs some
doctors right
now Dr Victoria Rose who's just returned
to the UK after two weeks in Gaza and
she says she is planning to go back